Natalie Austin: messy room for you.
Natalie Austin: Awesome Ronnie.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Chassidy Saunders: Yes. Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, how are you
Chassidy Saunders: Are you can you see me as
Natalie Austin: I can get your little bit frozen.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, they were having trouble seeing
Natalie Austin: I know you're like frozen. Let me see.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm trying to walk outside a little farther I seems like one that the bars.
Natalie Austin: Down the next
Natalie Austin: Day, your video says it's on.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, it does it on my side as well.
Natalie Austin: Hmm, what's going on. So there's another shot of you. There you go. I could see ya.
Chassidy Saunders: Hi.
Natalie Austin: How are you
Natalie Austin: I'm welcome to Braveheart
Natalie Austin: My name is Natalie probably heard a little bit from your from Joey's session there.
Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: I saw the phone started messing up and then he had to go outside is
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, one of us. The internet connection or the weather. I know it's
Chassidy Saunders: I believe it is because I'm just going off my phones and internet I know my high speed data has
Chassidy Saunders: Decreased
Chassidy Saunders: And we're actually waiting for
Chassidy Saunders: To get wiped by here soon.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Chassidy Saunders: It makes
things a lot easier.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So tell me about your story, how you got into
Natalie Austin: How you came to bright heart. How old were you when you first started taking opioids.
Natalie Austin: Idea.
Chassidy Saunders: I don't know i as well didn't go for your
Chassidy Saunders: Career and back.
Natalie Austin: Doing. I don't
Natalie Austin: Care. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Take off a rushing so you're how old were you
Natalie Austin: When you're 23 now what what age were you when you first started taking opioids 1919. Okay. Were you in an injury. Did you get hurt.
Or
Chassidy Saunders: Am I
Chassidy Saunders: Well I, I had my
Chassidy Saunders: oldest daughter and I forget to one and then my at her and then I was coming like
Chassidy Saunders: They were
Chassidy Saunders: Just basically the people on the streets introduced me to so often and so
Chassidy Saunders: Then when I was
Chassidy Saunders: I just first web tech. It's what I've taken like through all my pregnancy or my last pregnancy and then the pregnancy before that one.
Chassidy Saunders: Up until drug court and then I graduated relapsed on that taking seven seconds.
Natalie Austin: So we were 19 to do it where you have an injury or just something happened or you just started taking it on your own or
Chassidy Saunders: Um,
Chassidy Saunders: It was really my daughter.
Natalie Austin: Okay, the pain meds, after having her
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, those kind of ran out. I, you know, oh no, what am I gonna do and
Natalie Austin: You wanted more. That's right. And they wouldn't give you any more.
Natalie Austin: Did you have a C section.
Natalie Austin: Did you have a section.
Chassidy Saunders: Of my
Chassidy Saunders: First one on trauma. I did. I don't put it on there. That's it.
Chassidy Saunders: I didn't have exactly, you know,
I was
Chassidy Saunders: Well, my oldest daughter. I was 19 when I started
Chassidy Saunders: Oh yeah, we started doing Savita
Natalie Austin: Messy. Um, hello ring I had your first child.
Natalie Austin: How old are you had your second 118
And
Natalie Austin: 1717 okay
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So if you had a first child.
Natalie Austin: After you have your first home you have they gave you like pain pills and then
Natalie Austin: You just you want more.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they wouldn't give you any more. She you end up getting savvy tax off the street, you're saying
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And then when he got pregnant again. You put you on savvy texts, obviously, right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Chassidy Saunders: Can you read the
Chassidy Saunders: Last thing.
Natalie Austin: Well, they put you on Sunday text when you were pregnant with your, with your dog with Brooklyn. Right.
Natalie Austin: With your daughter.
Chassidy Saunders: Now, they did not
Chassidy Saunders: They did not
Chassidy Saunders: What it is is I
Chassidy Saunders: Me and Joey actually did your core. I mean, we did it together.
Natalie Austin: And probation.
Natalie Austin: Before that,
Chassidy Saunders: I was on probation with
Chassidy Saunders: My two year old.
Chassidy Saunders: And so I kind of had to stop everything I feel like would try to
Chassidy Saunders: Can demo it out or what. However, they say. But then, with my last I still to accept new tech while pregnant and
Chassidy Saunders: I didn't get it prescribed and then with my last one that just turned one and February I did get prescribed said because with her.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you have two kids.
Chassidy Saunders: I have three I have three. Okay. Almost seven year old a two year old. I don't want you
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha, gotcha one why you had them back to back. Huh.
Chassidy Saunders: Last one was a
Natalie Austin: Little what
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: And so, and I wouldn't trade it for the world.
Natalie Austin: Oh, a lot. What do you say the last little is what
Chassidy Saunders: How
Chassidy Saunders: One. She just turned one of our birthdays two to 2009
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: He said she was unexpected.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, she is. I mean, I didn't plan, you know,
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Chassidy Saunders: I have a baby, my girl.
Chassidy Saunders: You know, was just ready to
Natalie Austin: Oh, so what are they 12 months apart.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, I think, a little ever because my two year old.
Chassidy Saunders: Turn to October 11 and then sheets on
One.
Chassidy Saunders: Just this February on the second
Natalie Austin: Okay, wow, you must be busy your hands for
Natalie Austin: You okay
Chassidy Saunders: Young
Natalie Austin: The older one probably helps to
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, definitely.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay all girls. Everyone likes to play. Excuse me.
Natalie Austin: Know they all girls.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Oh, that's awesome.
Chassidy Saunders: I was told the last one, Brooklyn and Brooklyn was gonna be able way and got so excited because I finally was going on. Michael way and then
Chassidy Saunders: For the big important not to sound like I'm sorry to tell you, but she's a girl. And I'm like, excuse me.
Chassidy Saunders: You want to see you.
Chassidy Saunders: Now you can't have it.
Natalie Austin: Yes, in your, um,
Natalie Austin: You got Suboxone film.
All the way up till
Natalie Austin: 2019 let the beginning of 2019 and someone I guess that same doctor
Natalie Austin: Ankle ankle Syria.
Natalie Austin: He tried to switch you over to the
Natalie Austin: Boston right
Chassidy Saunders: Yes, the boss and with
Chassidy Saunders: It, they
Chassidy Saunders: I've been. I've been.
Chassidy Saunders: Like before I got pregnant like
Natalie Austin: The last time. Mom's
Chassidy Saunders: Day. Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: Taking Suboxone because it was like, I didn't. Another was anything different between on but I didn't know the milk and what is what wasn't good for the baby. And then I got
Chassidy Saunders: They got me strictly on Sunday text and
Chassidy Saunders: I've just been doing savvy tech ever since.
Chassidy Saunders: I used to like
Chassidy Saunders: Pretty much.
Chassidy Saunders: Anything I get my hands on, like whether was Suboxone or something. And then when I started getting it prescribe it was a different story.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You haven't seen that thought there since October of 2019, is that correct
Chassidy Saunders: Excuse me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you haven't seen a doctor since October of 2019 looks like.
Chassidy Saunders: Thank
Chassidy Saunders: You. Oh, yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: Yes, that is correct.
Natalie Austin: I think you
Ought to burn
Natalie Austin: It was that Dr. Ari's ankle ankle.
Chassidy Saunders: Stairs on your name.
Natalie Austin: In Xenia Ohio.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: explaining to me. I'm like,
Chassidy Saunders: I don't know if it's just
Chassidy Saunders: It would
Chassidy Saunders: Had happened was is I was basically told I couldn't graduate
Chassidy Saunders: My felony probation, unless I was off of stubby deck or Suboxone
Chassidy Saunders: Whichever and so I was like, you know, trying to do it as quick as possible. And he actually I and I had to get the vivid trial shy. I don't know if you know what that is.
Chassidy Saunders: And they gave it to me. And since I was had been doing heavy ticker Suboxone
Chassidy Saunders: For over two years at that point. I think this about
Chassidy Saunders: He gave me the vigil too early and it sent me into full blown withdrawal.
Chassidy Saunders: And and that's when I just started going and buying Suboxone off this again. Well, so savvy tech
Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: It was, it was, it wasn't too bad until like handling look. Oh isn't so bad, but it's like I felt, hold on, like reverse of what it was this Jewish. That's what made me relax.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay, we'll give me I'm past medical history, do you have any
Natalie Austin: hypertension, diabetes, high blood pressure or a cancer, thyroid disease.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm like me or like or my family like in my
Chassidy Saunders: In my family or
Natalie Austin: Will you first and then we'll get down to like your family.
Chassidy Saunders: At the end there. Okay, I'm meeting. No to all of them.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you're pretty you're healthy 23 year old with no issues, no major issues. That's great. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you smoke cigarettes.
Natalie Austin: Do you use alcohol.
I mean,
Natalie Austin: You still there.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm still here. I didn't. I hear what you said. I was
Chassidy Saunders: I say, Excuse me, but
Natalie Austin: Any past surgeries.
Chassidy Saunders: And he got surgeries. I had my tubes. Take it out. That's all.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: They today actually took your tubes on at your age.
Chassidy Saunders: There's no reason why was because I was at number three. And I mean, they didn't want you at all. They was like, you know, pretty much asked me 1,000,001 times if I'm for sure. And I'm like,
Chassidy Saunders: I'm already positive
Natalie Austin: Because it for you. Good for you.
Chassidy Saunders: I mean, I'm kidding. Number three, and I have a I'm an addict.
Natalie Austin: Mom That's very that's very noble of you, I really is.
Natalie Austin: It takes a lot. That's a very grown up decision for such a young girl to make. It's wonderful.
Chassidy Saunders: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Do you still have your tonsils and your appendix.
Chassidy Saunders: Yes, I do.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm a family history, your parents still alive.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Do they have any issues, any medical issues.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, I
Chassidy Saunders: Has high blood pressure. I'm a runs on his side of the family. My mom and I don't really know. Like, as in like high blood pressure and stuff, but I know on both sides of family, there's
Chassidy Saunders: A lot of cancer of all types. The one is like female cancer and um
Chassidy Saunders: My dad. On my dad's side, I believe, like depression and stuff RUNS, LIKE, I DON'T KNOW THAT IS
Chassidy Saunders: Not my mom has had her thyroid taken out because she didn't have an issue with it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And how old are both your parents.
Chassidy Saunders: Prepares I'm
Natalie Austin: Know your parents.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh, my parents.
Natalie Austin: How old are they
Chassidy Saunders: Oh, how old are they, my mom, I believe, is 55 and my dad well as 50
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Chassidy Saunders: I have one sister and she is 36 and she
Chassidy Saunders: I don't think she has anything like that.
Natalie Austin: She have any addiction everyone in the family with addictions.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, no, no. My sister was an alcoholic and my mom that didn't she didn't do drugs on my dad used to be.
Chassidy Saunders: on hold for everybody beside my wife.
Natalie Austin: Everyone
Natalie Austin: Such as a drug addict.
Chassidy Saunders: I had my aunt was not he was
A MOM.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, correct. She's not
Natalie Austin: Okay, it's your, your aunt is that your mom sister.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So it's all, it's mainly on your father side or has the
Natalie Austin: Addiction.
Chassidy Saunders: And
Chassidy Saunders: My dad has all sensors and he's the only
Natalie Austin: He's only male
Chassidy Saunders: For my uncle's on my mother's side. I mean,
Chassidy Saunders: And they like opiates, more than anything.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you were kind of around it them to write you saw
Natalie Austin: You
Chassidy Saunders: Know, not a whole bunch. I only seen one of my uncle's really bad and I actually we had a shared the same birthday and
Chassidy Saunders: I actually remember. And this is where to remember as a child going over to my grandma and he stole my parish and I like bawled my eyes out because I didn't understand why not
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: How old are you, you are probably little
Chassidy Saunders: Itself.
Natalie Austin: Okay, social history.
Natalie Austin: You're married single divorced engaged, you have a boy, for you have a boyfriend.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We friend Joey right
Yes.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: Are you employed or unemployed laid off looking for a job.
stay at home mom.
Chassidy Saunders: I guess.
Chassidy Saunders: I was, I worked Burger King. I was becoming a manager and then because of Colin 19 and all that good stuff. I actually went hadn't
Chassidy Saunders: Really made them made more money than I did like buy a whole bunch. I'm a minimum wage and he made 16 $17. Now, it's time. And so he said, I would be the stay at home mom and he would work and
Chassidy Saunders: Now I'm back to try and do it for a job. So I encourage employees staying at home but trying to go to work.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. Hmm.
Natalie Austin: Things starting to open up around you that you can get a job.
Chassidy Saunders: Excuse me.
Natalie Austin: Our restaurants trying to open up again around so you can get a job.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm, I'm actually gonna, I'm trying to go back to I wanted to go back to school and
Chassidy Saunders: I didn't know but
Chassidy Saunders: I feel my friend of ours actually told me that right now would be the best time to school because there's a lot of grants since the injury is married to help me so I'm either going to go too fast food or some little
Chassidy Saunders: Something like that, or another. And so I can get their school and stuff.
Chassidy Saunders: Good.
Chassidy Saunders: Can I do. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sounds like you have some good goals there. That's great.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: So this Matt and I do
Natalie Austin: That's why you're here. We're gonna help you. Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go
Natalie Austin: Any allergies to anything.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, as far as I know, no.
Natalie Austin: Okay. And then what do you do you prefer the study text over the Suboxone because I have to put a reason in here.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, I don't know if it's just a minor thing or not.
Chassidy Saunders: I've been told that they're basically the same just one ingredient list, but every time I take this Suboxone and makes me feel like really nauseous and like, but when I take the Savvy tech. I mean, I just
Chassidy Saunders: I don't feel like I'm gonna get sick really as much. Okay, I don't know, this is
Chassidy Saunders: A basically spots and hurts my stomach instead of you take your
Natalie Austin: Right. Right. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you take any other medications or any other allergies.
Chassidy Saunders: I
Natalie Austin: Don't have an allergy.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Hey Chris.
Chassidy Saunders: No, no.
Natalie Austin: No their allergies.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: See me only have nausea and then GI upset. I guess right
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Guess, right. So, yes.
Natalie Austin: Do you take any other medications.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm
Chassidy Saunders: I
Chassidy Saunders: Am sometimes and
Chassidy Saunders: I have an appointment. I'm not sure if I was it yet or not.
Natalie Austin: Before I
Chassidy Saunders: Got an appointment. You guys, I was trying to actually go to
Chassidy Saunders: Like get a family doctor and
Chassidy Saunders: For like my back in my legs with the gavel pay and
Natalie Austin: Okay yeah it family doctor could probably do that.
Natalie Austin: What's wrong with your back and legs.
Chassidy Saunders: Was wrong.
Chassidy Saunders: I actually have me play soccer and I dislocated my knee.
Chassidy Saunders: My back my back is just from the abdomen rolled out like all let's all take babies. My back's just messed up like really bad.
Natalie Austin: Did you have surgery on it though. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Don't ever get surgery on your back.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh yeah, definitely.
Natalie Austin: Now the Suboxone. Did you want a daily or did you take it twice a day.
Chassidy Saunders: Excuse me.
Natalie Austin: Do you want the Suboxone daily or do you need it twice a day.
Chassidy Saunders: Twice a day.
Chassidy Saunders: Was
Natalie Austin: Yesterday, the past you were taking it twice. Do you still need that much you need
Chassidy Saunders: A day that
Chassidy Saunders: If they get
Chassidy Saunders: It.
Chassidy Saunders: Go to, I said, I take it twice a day. Yes.
Natalie Austin: You do. Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And the CVS pharmacy and Moore's College Street.
Chassidy Saunders: Actually enter that pharmacy.
Chassidy Saunders: What a CDs and people, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Chassidy Saunders: My insurance is care source and I'm logged into that pharmacy. So it has to go that far, pharmacy, basically.
Natalie Austin: CVS pharmacy pick what Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay. Yep. Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: I just wanted to make sure because I'm and I actually got my tubes taken out and they which is weird described me savvy sick.
Chassidy Saunders: They send it to the wrong pharmacy and I could not get no matter
Natalie Austin: Smart boy.
Chassidy Saunders: Has by her. I think I said that right right heart.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay, yeah, how long, how long has it been around like I've never, I didn't believe when somebody said, hey, I mean, there's an online doctor and I did not believe in it.
Natalie Austin: Well, glad you found us. We've been around, I'm
Natalie Austin: Not very long like three years, three to five years, I believe.
Natalie Austin: I'm very long. Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: That's longer than I was thinking, hey,
Natalie Austin: I think it's like three years.
Very
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it is. Isn't it
Chassidy Saunders: It's amazing. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: help so many people out, especially those that work. So she lives with kids, especially people don't have cars and helps like a home numerous amount of people in different
Chassidy Saunders: Regions in a car before. I mean, I had a car issues and all that and the other. But the whole working like that's was things I would. It was one or the other, basically, that I was always have an issue with
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, do you use tobacco, alcohol, and that means any other drugs.
Chassidy Saunders: Excuse me.
Natalie Austin: Do you use alcohol or tobacco.
Chassidy Saunders: I use tobacco I smoke cigarettes about
Chassidy Saunders: Half bad. Well, yeah. About half back or less a day. Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: And I don't drink. I drink it up or five years.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: And what age did you start with the tobacco.
Chassidy Saunders: What age. Oh, goodness. I think I was 1413 or 14
Natalie Austin: Let's go over the
Natalie Austin: I didn't see any gamma patent on your list. Do you get that prior to 2018. Or you just wanted to
Chassidy Saunders: Try I haven't, I haven't went to the actual I haven't
Chassidy Saunders: Tried it now and I haven't seen my doctor as well.
Chassidy Saunders: Am I had my
Chassidy Saunders: Appointment I haven't been prescribed it again.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Um, the drug court Sunday to see us. Are you here like court order to see us.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, it was.
Chassidy Saunders: This OH.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm
Chassidy Saunders: Waiting to t like waiting till I see you guys. And then from there.
We'll see if I want to sell.
Chassidy Saunders: And all that
Natalie Austin: Are you gonna stay with us.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh yes definitely.
Natalie Austin: We'll see how you get how goes on but
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it'd be nice if I did.
Chassidy Saunders: Definitely wouldn't be
Natalie Austin: Know, when's the last time you took
Um, I
Chassidy Saunders: Was
Chassidy Saunders: Glad
Chassidy Saunders: I'm last night, I call it, but I guess it was about one o'clock this morning.
Natalie Austin: Okay. All right. Now, do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Natalie Austin: Diarrhea
Chassidy Saunders: Last off somebody
Chassidy Saunders: hears that an account up for today and yesterday I don't work off of me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. So yeah, okay, or you're not. You don't withdraw or anything.
Chassidy Saunders: And then not yet I died yesterday. Yesterday,
Chassidy Saunders: About three days it from yesterday back I had been withdraw and it was kind of why my documents, having not Ross and yet.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: I just
Chassidy Saunders: Did
Natalie Austin: You send in those documents yourself.
Chassidy Saunders: Huh.
Natalie Austin: Do you have to send in those documents yourself or do we send those in
Chassidy Saunders: Um, it's, it's the picture of my driver's license and my insurance card and all that good stuff and I
Chassidy Saunders: Like
Chassidy Saunders: Except the picture.
Natalie Austin: Is your video working, are you, I get that video just work.
Chassidy Saunders: It works for a few match. And then we both start cutting out
Natalie Austin: Oh, I see. I see a movement like every other movement there.
Natalie Austin: Okay so review systems on point system or 14 points this reviewed, nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, no shortness of breath.
Natalie Austin: Essentially negative
Chassidy Saunders: I'm checking out
I
Chassidy Saunders: Promise by the doctor them and we have, I will either go somewhere with Wi Fi.
Natalie Austin: Or next time. Yeah.
Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: Cuz I don't know if it's driving you crazy, but it's driving me crazy.
Natalie Austin: I know I just had a little snippets of you.
Chassidy Saunders: And as weird as soon as I walk out the doors to my bar goes down, it does.
Natalie Austin: What's weird must be the area you're in there you go.
Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: I can see you now. Yay.
Chassidy Saunders: All right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay, physical exam general owners white female Nikki distress vital signs. Hi. What is your height.
Natalie Austin: I am 551. How much do you weigh
Natalie Austin: One.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: What is it
Chassidy Saunders: I saw one
Natalie Austin: And I was do way.
Chassidy Saunders: I guess I'm giving them winning guess it was about 130
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll go hundred 28. How about that right in the middle.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Yeah, you look tiny
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: I guess.
Natalie Austin: I'm at AMP T parallel cardiac cardiac pauses and tack lungs, not labor aspirations. I didn't understand it extremities and edema.
Natalie Austin: Cycle or an orange have three in a row cranial nerves to through 12 and tax muscle skeletal five plus five normal gate.
Natalie Austin: To tell you the first skin rashes lymphatics Nolan bad novelty.
Natalie Austin: Excellent assessment opioid use disorder chronic pain.
Natalie Austin: Syndrome low back pain.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco use explain plan.
Natalie Austin: Monthly UDS
Natalie Austin: Monthly oars checked.
Natalie Austin: Weekly group on Thursdays or Mondays.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm. Either one is fine, whatever. However, we didn't like this better. You and me and
Chassidy Saunders: We are just sharing zoom app on my phone at home. It
Chassidy Saunders: We can do a lot of whatever day you guys are going to do it. That's fine.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Thursdays at six. So next Thursday at 6pm
Chassidy Saunders: Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay. Um, we're going to do it after before. If you have any openings. That's fine.
Natalie Austin: It's actually a group setting. So there's gonna be like 20 people in there.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay, so I. Oh, okay. So can we just like the screen together.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I think so. You'll have to let us know that you're both there because
Natalie Austin: Normally you guys check in, you have to check in.
Natalie Austin: So whenever you check in. I mean, let them know
Chassidy Saunders: Well, that's fine.
Chassidy Saunders: We can we'll figure it out. We have a laptop as well. So we'll figure something out here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, either one.
Natalie Austin: Is have to record that you're there that will you get credit to those those need credit attending, you know,
Natalie Austin: It's more for documentation on for your end to
Chassidy Saunders: You know, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, I know we have one on Mondays at noon Thursdays at noon and Thursdays at 6pm so if you happen to miss one, you're welcome to hop in another one.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay.
Natalie Austin: No big deal.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed its back to use discuss
Chassidy Saunders: calling my you just couple obviously
Natalie Austin: Already
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's all for
Chassidy Saunders: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the Rochelle was our therapist. She has a nice topic every week. It's pretty cool. It's kind of fun. She might show a video or read a book or play a song. It's pretty neat. Everyone just put their phone on mute. And then we all listen to her talk for a while. It's pretty cool. Then everybody
Natalie Austin: can chime in with their two cents in whatever they're thinking that day.
Natalie Austin: And then there's a little chat button at the bottom of the phone. You just let me know if you need a refill.
Natalie Austin: At the bottom it says a chat to you just hit that on there and you say,
Natalie Austin: Hi, you know, I need a refill.
Chassidy Saunders: Through but
Chassidy Saunders: I'm a little confused.
Chassidy Saunders: So you know I got her name when I get my medication like
Chassidy Saunders: Is it a week or two weeks.
Natalie Austin: And then it started so
Natalie Austin: It starts out like a week you get every week. And then as you as long as you show up to group on a regular basis.
Natalie Austin: We can actually do it to two weeks, you know, to three weeks to four weeks will it'll be longer and longer once
Natalie Austin: Once we show that you show up.
Natalie Austin: With this we do to just maintain that you're there. So you get this this part of the program to make sure you are
Natalie Austin: Getting better. We need to make sure we see you and hear from you.
Natalie Austin: That's all.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay. Um, yeah.
Natalie Austin: In order to help you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we're here to help you and guide you. So if we just give you a month and we don't see for Monday, and I don't know how you're doing so.
Chassidy Saunders: Well, yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's all basically
Chassidy Saunders: I enjoy group session.
Chassidy Saunders: Do you good
Natalie Austin: Did you do that at the last place that you were at
Chassidy Saunders: X. He said, Did I go to group meetings in the last place.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah. Um, well, we are actually we didn't have groups like was a big group of people, we
Chassidy Saunders: Won't
Chassidy Saunders: I think about we do it.
Chassidy Saunders: Is called intensive outpatient
Chassidy Saunders: We will do a group goes twice a week and then like after you graduated from that. It's like once a week. I did do that. And I did one on one therapy and I definitely I enjoyed it. I'm not gonna lie.
Natalie Austin: I didn't know
Natalie Austin: That. Do you ever recovered ask you. Were you ever in inpatient rehab.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh, I have never been and rehab.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so what was the inpatient group that you're talking about up through
Chassidy Saunders: From it was intact. Yeah, I was out, it was actually an outpatient
intensive outpatient
Chassidy Saunders: ERC it's actually a part of drug court.
Natalie Austin: Okay, tired.
Chassidy Saunders: Like the first. I don't know, like they don't go based on like paperwork assignments that you get done. It's basically if they see that you're getting better.
Chassidy Saunders: On the first half of it. You go through time. Why
Chassidy Saunders: Don't you go two or three times a week for like literally three or four hours and then you move up to just like once or twice a week to like an hour, two hours. And I mean, I was in it, for I have a binder full of papers.
Natalie Austin: Oh, how long is that does that go on for a couple months.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, I was in an RC for about
Chassidy Saunders: Well drug courts, a year.
Chassidy Saunders: I was in it for at least a year.
Natalie Austin: Oh, I didn't realize it was that long does it that you do that time.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, it's based on how well you're doing too.
Oh, OK.
Natalie Austin: Now you do that instead of jail. Is that correct, is that kind of like a probation.
Natalie Austin: Look, you're cutting out
Chassidy Saunders: I said, what did you say I'm
Chassidy Saunders: Cut out right as you start saying, oh,
Natalie Austin: Is that like probation.
Natalie Austin: Like being on
Chassidy Saunders: I think
Chassidy Saunders: I'm not. I don't know if I heard you correctly or not.
Natalie Austin: This is drug court going to drug court. Is that like being on probation. Is that what you're avoiding jail. Is that what that is.
Chassidy Saunders: No, I'm, I'm actually
Chassidy Saunders: I'm
Chassidy Saunders: I got off of misdemeanor probation and
Natalie Austin: That's one of the stipulations for it.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah I graduated
Chassidy Saunders: Everything and then it was
Chassidy Saunders: Good.
Chassidy Saunders: I find like
Chassidy Saunders: Nothing like that.
Natalie Austin: You graduated
Chassidy Saunders: Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, I just
Chassidy Saunders: I knew I mean everybody knows as just taste you
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm gonna send you an email to get a drug screen.
Natalie Austin: And monthly or just one time labs, you're going to need to do read that email yet. Did you get that
Chassidy Saunders: And I will see right now.
Natalie Austin: It would have been in the same email that you got to talk to me. I should have been
Chassidy Saunders: Typed in all that information.
Chassidy Saunders: So I'm looking right now.
Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: 65 that it got sent to you.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, I believe. Yep.
Chassidy Saunders: But it can, because I'm also on the phone as well.
Natalie Austin: Yes. True. Yeah. Okay. One of the ways is um they usually check
Natalie Austin: Where the nearest lab is to where you are.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay. Um, I believe it. I don't, I don't remember the name of the lab, I was asked about, but I know we have a comp unit right. Enjoy.
That counter
Natalie Austin: On the will do you usually use quest, but I don't know.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: Never we was on the phone yesterday actually discovered that there is one
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So they'll probably send it to their
Chassidy Saunders: Own
Natalie Austin: And and then I'll do we do monthly urine drug screens, which you probably had that done already at the other place.
Natalie Austin: They do that they're
Chassidy Saunders: Um,
Chassidy Saunders: They don't go monthly. It was like I
Chassidy Saunders: Was called color code I caught an everyday like it was basically, you don't know you're gonna eat up the screen.
Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: So,
Chassidy Saunders: drug screens are definitely okay
Natalie Austin: So we
Natalie Austin: Don't probably send them to to do at home. I got to the first one. The first one you just have to go to a an outline lab like question the other ones. I think that you can do at home that we don't go anywhere, which is nice.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, that would be awesome.
Natalie Austin: And then only we still have one
Natalie Austin: You don't have a car.
Chassidy Saunders: I do have it on day one, we are sharing one minute.
Chassidy Saunders: I know I can definitely get it done. If that's your problem.
Natalie Austin: We'll just
Natalie Austin: Do this. The first time you have to go, you can just go
Natalie Austin: You know,
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: And then after that.
Natalie Austin: They do the drug screens you can do at your house, you just have to videotape it or something they do it on a video though.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh, okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm not quite sure how they do that, but it's it's all legitimate. You don't have to show anything that are you any genitalia or anything, it's just
Natalie Austin: Not quite sure how they do it.
Natalie Austin: It's pretty cool.
Chassidy Saunders: Well, yeah. Because, I mean, I think.
Chassidy Saunders: If I will ping on camera.
Natalie Austin: I think you just put a camera and they want you to really go into the bathroom when you come
Natalie Austin: Out of the bathroom or something. I'm not sure, but
Natalie Austin: It just makes it easier for you guys.
Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then the light of the lives rolling at one time we just checked your liver, kidney and your heart. So that's just a one time lab. It's an overall health assessment.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: I don't know if you can see and
Chassidy Saunders: I want to love. But you know, I just got this in my up. I think it was is there would have been January 20 20. No, no, no. I graduated December 2019
Chassidy Saunders: MC RT and all that good stuff. So you know I had them say moms and I you guys need them again. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay, that's fine.
Natalie Austin: And then if you if you guys need papers to for drug court, just let us know and they can get them over to you.
Chassidy Saunders: And now we actually both have graduated so
Natalie Austin: Oh, so you don't need to try anything else in
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Awesome. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's even better for you.
Natalie Austin: I think that's it. Do you have any other questions for me.
Chassidy Saunders: The moment.
Natalie Austin: You're trying to get that spring or your internet. You say you're getting internet that's coming to your house. Is that correct,
Chassidy Saunders: I, I will, we will either both be like getting like the
Chassidy Saunders: Other
Natalie Austin: Do it on your, like you said, you have a computer, it might work better on there, even
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, I thought about that, too. I usually use my hotspot for my thumb and then I do everything on the laptop and it seems so much faster. And I don't understand that.
Natalie Austin: See
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Chassidy Saunders: Um, no. I think I asked, though.
Natalie Austin: They were all good questions though.
Chassidy Saunders: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Jimmy posted about your schooling. Did you look into that yet. Did you get it.
Chassidy Saunders: Now I have to
Chassidy Saunders: Do
Chassidy Saunders: But
Chassidy Saunders: My
Chassidy Saunders: Counselor is the one that didn't, didn't
Natalie Austin: You gotta keep me posted on that was good. That's amazing.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm so young and I've got three kids, and it's
Chassidy Saunders: been nice to know to do something like that.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you do something that you like, you know, something
Natalie Austin: You have a passion for
It.
Chassidy Saunders: Everyone where you guys are. And it's here. And as far as I'm walking around, if I look like I'm all like
Natalie Austin: There's are the kids inside
Natalie Austin: There's no
Chassidy Saunders: Baby, baby, is that they play someone outside the oldest one she's really girly. And she says, I don't like the graduates to at
Chassidy Saunders: 22 in one year old one year old loves it being outside. I said she should have been my little boy.
Chassidy Saunders: Oh,
Natalie Austin: She loves. Nice. Nice.
Natalie Austin: It's getting nicer.
Natalie Austin: Law.
Natalie Austin: It says Joey has the, the oldest are the youngest one is Joey's or the other two. You had from a previous relationship.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm the, the oldest and then the two year old all three of them have different dads, but I met Joey when my two year old was only a month old, so she is basically known him and only him.
Natalie Austin: Well, that's awesome. So he is basically she's basically his daughter. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, they all are now because he's around right
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's awesome. He sounds like a good guy.
Natalie Austin: Guys.
Natalie Austin: He sounds like Joey. Sounds like a good, good, good father to you guys to the girls.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, he's that he's, he's a definitely a good father and a partner as well. I mean,
Natalie Austin: That's wonderful.
Natalie Austin: You guys are good for each other at least this is good, you guys can help each other through this to you know
Natalie Austin: Yeah, give each other support.
Chassidy Saunders: I'm out.
Chassidy Saunders: My, my mom. And while I'm going to say my mom, my dad, just I don't think he really understands it too much.
Chassidy Saunders: To like be able to support me, but my mom. I mean, she went and seeing everything her brothers and stuff like that. So he decides, Joey. She's my other support, but I'd say Joey I know he has to worry about themselves, too, but he's my biggest support so
Natalie Austin: That's great.
Natalie Austin: Well, I think we covered a lot here.
Chassidy Saunders: Sorry.
Natalie Austin: Did you find that email yet. Did you get anything else that you need.
For me, I am
Chassidy Saunders: I don't know if it's going to load with me being on them.
Natalie Austin: Because it always try. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, if it doesn't just call if you didn't get it. Just call in and ask
Natalie Austin: Okay, send it to you.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay yeah i'm gonna i'm actually finished sending what I needed to send through to as well on top of whatever else.
Chassidy Saunders: Out.
Natalie Austin: You know, in
Chassidy Saunders: The phone
Natalie Austin: They whenever you log into group I log in, like sooner rather than later, because they have those surveys, they have to fill out.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: It takes a while. And we usually have like 20 people in group. So several you're not waiting to get in.
Chassidy Saunders: I understand. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I mean, so you can actually log in a couple hours prior you can literally like a log into your virtual clinic to think up to five hours.
Chassidy Saunders: Early surveys first
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah, you can do the surveys five hours before. And that way, whenever it comes to six o'clock, you can just pop right in
Chassidy Saunders: That'll save you a lot of not for him one. All right. Right. We've all these people as scramble. They don't even get in to see us like quarter.
Natalie Austin: After six and they're like, ah,
Natalie Austin: So that's what we were telling them last week, I said you can get in a lot sooner if you
Natalie Austin: Get all these surveys done
Natalie Austin: You know a lot earlier.
Natalie Austin: These surveys are all new to the other people but
Natalie Austin: But your new already so we're telling you ahead of time.
Chassidy Saunders: Okay.
Chassidy Saunders: Yeah, that's nice. That is a nice thing now.
Chassidy Saunders: Thank you.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: I will see you next
Natalie Austin: Next Thursday at 6pm I let Rochelle know that she's a therapist. She'll be in the meeting next Thursday. Let her know that you'll be there as well.
Chassidy Saunders: All right.
Natalie Austin: She leads the group and
Natalie Austin: I am there to do medical management to do your refills.
Chassidy Saunders: And you actually cut out so I just keep you up to date when I need a refill how
Natalie Austin: Well, well, that's what the groups are for when you come into group next week.
Natalie Austin: She has a little message will play a song or reading and then I'm in there as well.
Natalie Austin: And then you just say you send me a message saying you need a refill. There's a little chat button at the bottom. You just hit
Every
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Chassidy Saunders: Okay, okay.
Chassidy Saunders: I was so confused. But I get it now.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's what the group's you it kind of gets all kind of get a two for one, you get your group and you get your medication because like some other places, you have to go to group outside of getting your meds. So, this
Chassidy Saunders: We kind of do is
Chassidy Saunders: That was one of the very though I only tried to places in person.
Natalie Austin: Yellow Ludhiana Suboxone clinics or so.
Chassidy Saunders: For me and
Chassidy Saunders: I had to come to see the doctor and then do all my other separate and then I got it was a different doctor and it was like two for one, like you said,
Chassidy Saunders: It was like Dude why you're here, all together.
Chassidy Saunders: Which makes it so much easier.
Chassidy Saunders: Are you still there.
Chassidy Saunders: Can you hear me.